Migrate docs to docusaurus (#653)
ethereum/execution-apis: docs/reference/intro.md

---
slug: /
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Introduction

> Welcome to the Ethereum Execution APIs documentation. This documentation provides comprehensive information about the JSON-RPC APIs provided by Ethereum 1.0 clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to the Ethereum JSON-RPC documentation. This site provides comprehensive information about the JSON-RPC APIs provided by Ethereum execution clients.
```
